<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
	<title>Social Justice</title>
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="index.css" />
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="animations.css" />
	<h:outputStylesheet name="primeicons/primeicons.css" library="primefaces" />
	<h:outputScript library="primefaces" name="jquery/jquery.js" target="head" />
	<h:outputScript library="js" name="jquery-ui.js" />
	<h:outputScript library="js" name="jquery-3.5.1.min.js" />
	
	<style>
		.embed-container {position: relative; padding-bottom: 80%; height: 0; max-width: 100%;} .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container iframe{position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;} small{position: absolute; z-index: 40; bottom: 0; margin-bottom: -15px;}
	</style>

</h:head>

<h:body class="home">

	<div class="header">
			<div class="log_name">Social Justice</div>
			<div class="header_nav">				
				<a class="flex_items" href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
				<a class="flex_items" href="racial.xhtml">Racial</a>				
				<a class="flex_items" href="gender.xhtml">Gender</a>	
				<a class="flex_items" href="economic.xhtml">Economic</a>				
			</div>			
		
	</div>
	
	<div class="head_photo">
		<h:graphicImage class="head_photo_in" value="resources/img/header1.webp"></h:graphicImage>
	</div>

	<div class="content">			
		
		<div class="content_box_start">
			<h1>What is the life expectancy of Black people in my area?</h1>
			<p>This map shows life expectancy for Black people in the United States. 
			Colors on the map are based on overall life expectancy of all population. 
			Life expectancy is a widely-used measure of health and mortality. From the 
			2020 County Health Rankings page about Life Expectancy:</p>
			
			<h2>Life Expectancy is an Average</h2>
			
			<p>
				"Life Expectancy measures the average number of years from birth a person can expect to live, according to the current mortality experience (age-specific death rates) of the population. Life Expectancy takes into account the number of deaths in a given time period and the average number of people at risk of dying during that period, allowing us to compare data across counties with different population sizes."
			</p>
			
				<div class="embed-container">
					<iframe src="https://arcg.is/0OWmmq">
					
					</iframe>
				</div>		
			
		</div>	
		
		<div class="racial_3">
			<div class="left">
				<h3>This One Hurts</h3>
				<br/>
				<p>
					Racism, especially institutionalized racism, is one the greatest challenges our culture faces.  Too many people like 
					George Floyd and Breonna Taylor have lost their lives to stupid people who believe stupid things.  Racism kills.  
					Its hard to talk about but it needs to be talked about.  We can't change the past, but we can shape the future.  
					As a society we can recognize our mistakes and work towards a better tomorrow.  
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="right">
				<h:graphicImage class="racialImg" value="resources/img/BLM.jpg"></h:graphicImage>
			</div>
		</div>	
		
		<div class="racial_3">
			<div class="left">
				<h3>Where Do We Go From Here?</h3>
				<br/>
				<p>
					There isn't going to be an easy solution.  It is going to take the conscious efforts of everyone for years to make
					such a big change in our culture.  You don't have to focus on the gloom and doom all the time, but its important to
					recognize your fellow Americans for who they are.  We can pick each other up when we're hurt and become better people.
					I wish you all the best to a better tomorrow.
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="right">
				<h:graphicImage class="racialImg" value="resources/img/Hugs.jpg"></h:graphicImage>
			</div>
		</div>	
		

	</div>
	
	<div class="footer">
		<h3>Copyright© 2021 Social Justice</h3>
	</div>	
	
</h:body>
	
</html>